To help first create Maps, Google acquired what company?
What book that heavily influenced “The Matrix” makes a cameo in the movie?
How many of the three Baltic countries border Russia?
The lyrics to “The Star-Spangled Banner” were written during what conflict?
Mardi Gras is celebrated right before what other observance?
Which color is NOT represented in the original electronic Simon game?
What gargantuan fruit is the subject of a Roald Dahl children's book?
Which of these quantities is the largest?
Until it was banned, lithium was a key ingredient in which of these brands?
What TV series derived from a nearly 20-year-old Michael Crichton screenplay?
Which of these substances expands when it freezes?
Which brand mascot was NOT a real person?
Which of these celebrities is known for having aviophobia?
Which game is an example of combinatorics?
The '90s band The Lightning Seeds took their name from which song?
In computing, what unit is half a byte?
Romaine, Iceberg and Butterhead are all varieties of what?
Which of these is NOT a geometric shape?
Who wrote a #1 hit song for the Monkees?
Which of these is NOT a machine used for printing?
Which of these two U.S. cities are in the same time zone?
In which town were a President, Governor, Senator, NFL owner and late night host all born?
The man famously known as the Science Guy holds a patent for which of these items?
What was the first popular home video game?
Which of these consists of frozen water?
Which Oscar-winning actress has NOT won the award for playing a real person?
Pixies, Bon Iver, Iron & Wine and Bauhaus were all once signed to which record label?
Made famous in a documentary, where is the “Grey Gardens” home located?
What topic would a herpetologist study?
Which of these sharks is NOT a Lamniforme?
Which of these figure skating jumps was invented the most recently?
Which verb describes the sound minerals make when they are heated?
Which of these is classified as a neurological condition or disorder?
Catching a catfish with your bare hands is called what?
Which U.S. president's wife was NOT born in North America?
Which of these is usually found on the ocean floor?
Aside from blood cells, what would you also find inside your blood vessels?
Which of these is NOT a real animal?
Which of these countries is closest to the International Date Line?
What tech mogul became a billionaire the youngest?
Featuring 20 scoops of ice cream, the Vermonster is found on what chain's menu?
Which of these things was created by a person who chose to remain anonymous?
Which Las Vegas hotel features a replica of the Rialto Bridge?
Who holds the record as the youngest solo artist with a Billboard #1 hit?
What advertising mascot wears epaulettes?
What SportsCenter anchor shares their last name with Linus & Lucy from “Peanuts”?
Which of these are you most likely to find in a toolbox?
In which version of “Dragnet” is the line “Just the facts, ma’am” first said?
Which of these Uranus moons is NOT named after a Shakespearean character?
Which of these modes of transportation has only one wheel?
Rejected in the late 1700s, what was the name of the proposed 14th U.S. colony?
The '70s sitcom “Three's Company” was about three people who were what?
What generation of the iPod was the first to offer video?
Which of these songs was written by the man nicknamed “Slowhand”?
What is the correct pronunciation of the performer who sings “Smooth Operator”?
Which of these states does NOT touch the Mason-Dixon Line?
The U.S. has never had a Miss America from what state?
What is the total cost of all the vowels on “Wheel of Fortune”?
Which writer has stated that his/her trademark series of books would never be adapted for film?
Which of these is NOT a marsupial?
Who is NOT considered an official member of the Eagles?
Which of these astronomical objects orbits the Earth?
Where in the home does the Maillard reaction typically occur?
Who defeated Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo?
Which of these actors was a high school cheerleader?
Who was the president of the Screen Actors Guild before its merger with AFTRA?
Which of these was a name the ancient Greeks gave the planet Venus?
Which of these do NOT have flippers?
Lonnie Lynn's only Academy Award win was in what category?
What word describes joining a cause just to feel good about it?
The creator of Wonder Woman also created an early version of what device?
J.K. Rowling’s first book published in England was titled “Harry Potter and the” what?
How do you let someone on Tinder know you're interested?
Which player won Rookie of the Year in their sport most recently?
Which of these Kentucky Derby winners was named for its trainer?
Talking is discouraged on what Amtrak car?
What is Telluride, Colorado named after?
Queen Victoria is credited with starting what fashion trend?
What iconic painting once hung in Napoleon's bedroom?
